Added reviewer checlist (#258)
llm-random/llm-random: .github/pull_request_template.md

Other questions:
   - [ ] If I made changes to the requirements or anything related to the Singularity image I did generate new image and upload a new image to the clusters
   - [ ] If this change is significant enough I notified all individuals working with this repository (@channel in slack channel)
   - [ ] If there is a need for a second reviewer I requested additional review 

# Reviewer's checklist:

>    - [ ] Does the Neptune link work and do the results look fine?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - [ ] Does the Neptune link work and does it actually compare the situation before and after a PR?
```
